level-2-challenges/challenge-12/README.md, before:

---
difficulty: 2
tags: Coding Challenge, Object Methods
chapter: "Chapter 6: Advanced Array and Object Methods"
training: true
---

# Digital Pet Paradise: Advanced Object Methods Challenge

## Challenge Description

Welcome to Digital Pet Paradise! As a virtual pet caretaker, you need to use JavaScript's advanced object methods to care for and nurture your digital pets.

Complete all tasks in `/src/main.js` to become the best digital pet caretaker!

## Requirements

1. Pet Attribute List:

   - Implement the `listPetAttributes` function that accepts a pet object.
   - Return an array of all attribute names for that pet.

2. Pet Health Index Calculation:

   - Implement the `calculatePetHealth` function that accepts a pet status object.
   - Calculate the average of all health-related metrics.
   - Return the pet's overall health index.

3. Pet Skill Upgrade:

   - Implement the `upgradePetSkills` function that accepts two objects: current skills and new skills.
   - Merge the new skills into the current skills without modifying the original object.
   - Return the upgraded pet skills object.

4. Rare Pet Protection:

   - Implement the `protectRarePet` function that accepts a rare pet object.
   - Ensure that the rare pet's attributes cannot be modified.
   - Return the protected rare pet object.

5. Pet Special Ability Check:

   - Implement the `checkSpecialAbility` function that accepts a pet object and an ability name.
   - Check if the pet directly has the specified special ability (not including inherited properties).
   - Return a boolean indicating whether the pet has that special ability.


## What to Expect

 The pet cards displayed as expected:

![screenshot of solution](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JavaScript-Certification/images/refs/heads/main/images/training/6-2/pet-card.jpg)

Commit message:

rename challenge folders of level 2 to add real challenge-4

level-2-challenges/challenge-12/README.md, after:

---
difficulty: 2
tags: Coding Challenge, training
chapter: "Chapter 6: Advanced Array and Object Methods"
training: true
---

# Pokémon Training Camp: Advanced Array Methods Challenge

## Challenge Description

Welcome to the Pokémon Training Camp! As a new trainer, you need to use JavaScript's advanced array methods to manage and nurture your Pokémon team.

Complete all tasks in `/src/main.js` to become the very best Pokémon trainer!

## Requirements

1. Pokédex Update:

   - Implement the `updatePokedex` function that accepts an array of Pokémon objects.
   - Add a `discoveredAt` property (current timestamp) to each Pokémon.
   - Return the updated Pokémon array.

2. Type Filtering Master:

   - Implement the `filterByType` function that accepts a Pokémon array and a type (e.g., "Fire", "Water", "Grass").
   - Return an array containing only Pokémon of the specified type.

3. Team Power Assessment:

   - Implement the `calculateTeamPower` function that accepts a Pokémon array.
   - Calculate the team's total battle power (sum of each Pokémon's `power` property).
   - Return the team's total battle power.

4. Rare Pokémon Explorer:

   - Implement the `findRarePokemon` function that accepts a Pokémon array.
   - Locate the first Pokémon with a rarity of "Legendary".
   - Return the found Pokémon object, or `undefined` if not found.

5. Evolution Journey:

   - Implement the `evolveAllPokemon` function that accepts a Pokémon array.
   - Increase each Pokémon's level by 1 and power by 10.
   - Modify the original array directly, no need to return anything.

6. Championship Challenge:

   - Implement the `readyForChampionship` function that accepts a Pokémon array.
   - Check if all Pokémon are at level 50 or above.
   - Return a boolean indicating whether the team is ready for the championship.

## What to Expect

The Pokémon training camp displayed as expected:

![screenshot of solution](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JavaScript-Certification/images/refs/heads/main/images/training/6-1/pokemon.jpg)
